moose up guys it is Oreo says boo and
I'm going to show you how to install the
mini map mod so um i'll put a link in
the description like always and well you
will need modloader and the mini-map so
I'm go ahead and download modloader go
down and click here here whatever ok and
then well I already have it downloaded
right there and also racing and then
that raised me to map don't click this
stuff going down ignore this other stuff
and don't click that so you don't have
to click here I eldridge just go to the
link so click here and then add fly in
LA a lot of stuff so let's go ahead and
install it so oh you need force update
or whatever I'll read so go to open
finder go to library locations of our
minecraft bin and there's microfiche are
oh okay good rename it to Minecraft that
yard dog zip enter use it double-click
got a minecraft thats our folder open it
i prefer he's in kind and delete may die
in opening modloader so easy stuff I let
everything copy 26 I
close it hast items apply to all the
replays done opening one point three
point one race mini-map highlight
everything copy file items close it
right click oh wait i click paste
replace okay all done good open
minecraft oh ok worked good so like
always i spun in a jungle biome and
press the Empress and to some stuff like
options so if you want square or round
if you raise me map or sag your map hmm
some other stuff no not go over all of
them whatever yeah there's a lot I don't
I don't even know what all of the
options are but this is really useful
mod and guess you don't need maps
anymore minecraft and you have mini maps
and so and bull yeah there are a lot of
wolves no by here oh yeah bye guys
it is mrs. boo but yeah bye